---
layout: post-notes.njk
title: "balkan chic, 30"
date: 2020-11-20T00:00:00.000Z
tags: [weeknote]
tumblr_url: 
---


*   back on this ‘self reflection’ bullshit.
*   we’ve moved, to Brighton right next to the South Downs, so now I strip wallpaper for fun. having enough space for us each to have an office is amazing, walks on the South Downs every morning are amazing, the sea poking its head up from all angles is amazing. I haven’t really ventured into Brighton which I half wonder is a fear of going back to the past, when I was a student here. or maybe it’s just that Sainsbury’s online and being neighbours with the local butcher means there’s no need to go anywhere.
*   I still miss south London too.
*   a difficult-ish week at work that reminded me of the importance of some kind of mix of 'strong opinions, lightly held’ and the importance of following your nose rather than the plan you had before. and how difficult leadership is when working remotely. and maybe just in general. but I think we ended the week in a better place to where we started it, so that’s something.
*   had a 1:1 with Jen who is my line manager for a couple of months while Stephen is doing some parenting and I am being head of design for GOV.UK (imagine that!). despite the “oh god line management with a friend” fear, it was good to be kicked into thinking a bit about my career and what I want to be doing for the first time in a while. cheers boss.
*   passing obsessions since we’ve moved have included compost, garage storage systems, garage doors, cork walls, wood burning stoves, office chairs, mountain bikes, elevation from sea front, the weirdness of induction hobs. it’ll probably be good when that expands to curtains, blinds and doorbells.
*   our neighbours think we will get a car within 6 months. I am determined not to. we’ve joined the car club though it’s 30 mins walk to the nearest one. but perhaps a smaller chainring for the bike, cos I reckon our hill rivals Swains Lane.
*   feel like having an office might reinvigorate my energy for work again. when I think about our flat in London it makes me feel a bit claustrophobic, in hindsight.
*   it was a lovely little flat though. not slagging u, Hillcrest!
