---
layout: post-notes.njk
title: "tres leches, 27"
date: 2020-05-26T00:00:00.000Z
tags: [weeknote]
tumblr_url: 
---


*   cancelled an American Express card that I only got because I wanted some free lounge access. free for year 1, £140 for year 2 and every year after that, and when I got the £140 bill this month I was like “wuuuuut nooooooo”. anyway, the point is: never had a lovely ‘endings’ experience: accrued points transferred to another loyalty account, “obviously the account fee will be waived”, and a little chat about holidays. I guess that’s what the account fee is for. the Amex staff were all working from home, too, so that made me feel better about phoning them up.
*   Dulwich Park was heaving this weekend but the Dulwich College playing fields were still empty. y'all, what you doing, just cross the street!
*   someone at work was selling a Surly Cross Check for £350. the part of me that loves a deal and the part of me that loves a Surly suddenly overlapped, so I walked to Streatham to pick it up. thanks [Andy](http://andy-matthews.co.uk/blog/) for helping do it up nice!
*   it’s all getting pretty groundhog day isn’t it. finding it hard to think about any kind of planning or whatever for the future. measuring life by our daily morning walks and ice cream sandwiches from [Jones of Brockley](https://www.instagram.com/jonesofbrockleyed/), where I am surely in the top 5% of customers.
*   finished Flights by Olga Tokarczuk, which only took me about three months to get through. there were some lovely bits but overall the narrative jumping around was not what I needed. started [The Return by Hisham Matar](https://www.theguardian.com/books/2016/jul/14/the-return-father-sons-and-the-land-in-between-hisham-matar-review) which so far is excellent.
*   I’m on a day off, thanks to the Queen, so I’m going to go read it in the Alleyns playing field, another of the private school fields opened up. I have come to love that field and hope they never take it back from us.
