---
layout: post-notes.njk
title: "open fields, 34"
date: 2021-05-28T00:00:00.000Z
tags: [weeknote]
tumblr_url: 
---


*   noting as I look down the sidebar of iAWriter that Angus shaming me into writing week notes lasted three notes. it seems that shame isn’t a great motivator.
*   for whatever reasons, the world has felt ridiculously heteronormative recently, whether in the films we’ve watched or the things going on around us. it’s a hard do-not-relate, and as someone who has arrogantly never particularly engaged with LGBTQ+ communities and cultures, it leaves me feeling a little rock-and-hard-place. don’t want that and those values: not sure where else to look. where’s the art and the poetry and the sports sitting in the middle of the queer hipster x normcore venn? that’s where I live!
*   might start writing about work stuff a little more than I have done in the past, because there are floating thoughts and bringing them all together feels like a good idea. I have soooo many tabs open.
*   [Alice and I went for a walk](https://alicebartlett.co.uk/blog/weaknotes-135) and soon we’ll go to the pub. imagine making friends as an adult!
*   today marks one year since Pepsi got found by the side of a road with her pups by a dog shelter in Bulgaria. next week will be six months since she arrived home with us. she’s the chillest dog in the world and having been 100% a cat person, am now convinced that it’s true: it’s [better with Pepsi](https://twitter.com/graemefraser/status/1398224694986346498).
*   there is a real simplicity to having a dog, especially in the mornings. wake up, get dog up, feed dog, leave the house. I like it.
*   spending most of my time this week thinking about drilling holes in things and going for walks with the dog; about data as a material to design with; about potential. and [Checksies](http://checksies.com) too, our lovely little side project that needs a bit of love.
*   C just sent out a weeknote. we haven’t discussed this. SYNERGY.
*   vaccine tomorrow. just put the first Vaccines’ album on in anticipation. all of my 20s music snobbery has evaporated.
