---
layout: post-notes.njk
title: "Pepsi-cola 31"
date: 2021-01-22T00:00:00.000Z
tags: [weeknote]
tumblr_url: 
---

*   [Angus shamed me](https://angusmontgomery.medium.com/weeknote-1-21-01-21-whats-the-worst-that-could-happen-d536fbd98e1f) into writing again. what you saying, [Chris](https://www.thomaschris.co.uk/), [Hurrell](https://mhurrell.co.uk/prospects/weeknote-30-31/)?
*   we got a dog in December. she came over from [a shelter in Bulgaria](https://streetheartsbg.com) in a van with 19 of her other dog buddies, two months after her puppies all got adopted. from all the chats I’ve had since with other dog owners, we’ve lucked out: she’s calm, good with kids, doesn’t jump up at strangers, and is super loyal.
*   every morning when we get her out of her crate she is incredibly excited to see us both and it is the purest expression of unconditional love I’ve ever seen.
*   the routine is 3 walks / day, which [exacerbates my previously stated feelings about lunch breaks](https://twitter.com/annagoss/status/1300785131377094662). and it’s so difficult to pass a split bin bag! when she’s confused, scared or wants to go a different way to us, she freezes, so we spend a lot of time standing in the cold waiting for her to move. it’s getting better and I’m making my peace with it, but damn, hiding frustration from a dog is an emotional low.
*   Dishoom now have one of those dark kitchens in Hove, so there’s your last excuse gone for not moving to Brighton.
*   speaking of those lunchbreak thoughts, let me make it abundantly clear how little I appreciated people telling me how to make an omelette. I’m trying to dismantle capitalism and you’re telling me to crack open some eggs in butter. please.
*   I feel as flat as everyone else, and like all I do is work, walk the dog, drink and watch telly. grateful that the days are getting longer, and that I can start work at 10am every day to get some daylight in before work.
*   this week in particular it felt like most of my job is about influencing and steering; the slow pace layers of culture change and strategic direction. it’s great to now have a lead delivery manager in our little gang of three (DM, PM, design) focused on the accounts and data teams on GOV.UK. I’ve missed you Ruth!
*   bookshelves arrive Tuesday. once we’re not surrounded by boxes of books we’ll realise we don’t have any furniture, but that’s not the worst problem to have. C is planning the garden. I’m thinking about loft insulation. can you really imagine going back to an office 5 days a week?
*   this week marked five years since James died. someone called it the longest, shortest time; that about sums it up.
*   that doesn’t feel like a great note to end on, though it’s a good thing for me to think about. time to take the dog out.
