---
layout: post-notes.njk
title: "jj72 33"
date: 2021-02-19T00:00:00.000Z
tags: [weeknote]
tumblr_url: 
---


*   so many browser tabs. so many half started thoughts. so many “maybe I’ll be more productive when I’ve…..” moments. I think I could use a couple of days in an office. let’s not talk about work, hey?
*   bought 5 more Hive thermostatic radiator valves; now when we try to boost the heating in one or both of our offices during the day, we can keep the rest of the house cool. gutted that our smart meter has broken and I can’t see what impact this is going to make on our bills. hopefully it’ll reduce, because we’re not heating the whole house every time we want to be a bit warmer at work. but maybe it’ll increase, because the radiators in our offices are always trying to be or get to 18 degrees, rather than us letting them get to 15-16 before we press the ‘boost’ button.
*   I wonder whether, had I learned the phrase 'balance the heating system’ before yesterday, we could’ve done something jazzy like this using only the usual, non-smart thermostatic valves.
*   only the best content for my weeknotes crew.
*   if the stock market carries on this way, I’m going to retire by Christmas 2021. \[the stock market will not carry on this way\]
*   we got sent a brand new robot vacuum because of the network issues. it still doesn’t connect to the mesh network. but we can just stick it in a room, press 'play’, and it vacuums. in context, that’s still quite something.
*   taking a week off next week. apparently bike fitters can still work in this lockdown, so I’m going to go and get one on Tuesday. I am sick of my knees feeling dreadful every time I get on two wheels. I miss feeling brilliant on a bike, instead of nervously waiting for the moment my body starts to creak.
*   finally admitted to myself that perhaps my inflexible biomechanics are part of the picture here, so like [All](https://scraplab.net/2021-week-6/) The [Toms](https://tomstu.art/weeknotes-54-fourth-wall#stretching), I have started stretching more. Apple Fitness+ seems to take away the inertia of choice, because filtering for length of session is so easy. one more SaaS product enters the picture. at first I was wondering how long I’d have to do daily yoga for before it makes a difference, but that’s not the right mindset: really I think I need to admit that if I don’t stretch properly 3-5 times a week for the rest of my life, at some point it’s gonna hurt.
*   just as things (heating, robots) were starting to feel like they were working around here, the council have stopped collecting our garden waste. they came this morning, picked up everyone else’s on the street, looked at ours, and skipped it (says our lovely neighbour). mmm, more bureaucracy to interact with. I love it.
*   new sofa arrived. unlike bureaucracy, I genuinely love it.
*   slowly, reluctantly, disappointingly beginning to consider whether it would be easier or better to get a car. urgh.
